 100 bpm in 4 4 yeah yeah Try again. Try again. Try again. Try again. I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be. I'm going to and I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to be. I'm going to I'm going to be. I'm going to be able to I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going I'm I'm going to be. I'm going to I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be. I'm going to I'm going to be. I'm going to be the same. I'm going to be. I'm going to I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to and I'm going to be I'm going to be and I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to. I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to be I'm going to I'm I'm a bit of and I'm I'm I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm I'm and I'm and I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. And so. I'm going to. And so. And so. And so. And so. And so. And so. And so. I'm going to be I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going and I'm going and so I'm and you know I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you're I'm I'm The last little bit better in terms of the baseline, but it was all the baseline, but it was all fine. Last little bit was better in terms of the baseline, but it was probably all fine.